[user]
userci=0
username=raydocente
userfullname=Ray Gueridt Quiñonez Miranda
usertype=teacher
userenabled=t
usermultilogin=t
userpassword=123

userci=0
username=eloydocente
userfullname=Eloy O. Sandry Muriel
usertype=teacher
userenabled=t
usermultilogin=t
userpassword=123

userci=0
username=victordocente
userfullname=Victor Mamani Alvarez
usertype=teacher
userenabled=t
usermultilogin=t
userpassword=123

userci=0
username=dilmadocente
userfullname=Dilma Espada Moreno
usertype=teacher
userenabled=t
usermultilogin=t
userpassword=123

userci=0
username=germandocente
userfullname=German Mena Santander
usertype=teacher
userenabled=t
usermultilogin=t
userpassword=123

userci=0
username=willmadocente
userfullname=Willma Flores Velasco
usertype=teacher
userenabled=t
usermultilogin=t
userpassword=123

userci=0
username=borisdocente
userfullname=Boris R. Patiño Martinez
usertype=teacher
userenabled=t
usermultilogin=t
userpassword=123

userci=0
username=josedocente
userfullname=Jose R. Gutierrez Aliendre
usertype=teacher
userenabled=t
usermultilogin=t
userpassword=123

userci=0
username=guillermodocente
userfullname=Guillermo Cruz Bautista
usertype=teacher
userenabled=t
usermultilogin=t
userpassword=123

userci=0
username=migueldocente
userfullname=Miguel A. Martinez Galvan
usertype=teacher
userenabled=t
usermultilogin=t
userpassword=123

userci=0
username=carlosdocente
userfullname=Carlos Tirado Hurtado
usertype=teacher
userenabled=t
usermultilogin=t
userpassword=123

userci=0
username=rosmerydocente
userfullname=Rosmery Calizaya Cabrera
usertype=teacher
userenabled=t
usermultilogin=t
userpassword=123

userci=0
username=lourdesdocente
userfullname=Lourdes M. Paca Quispe
usertype=teacher
userenabled=t
usermultilogin=t
userpassword=123

userci=0
username=ernestodocente
userfullname=Ernesto Calani Lopez
usertype=teacher
userenabled=t
usermultilogin=t
userpassword=123

userci=0
username=maximodocente
userfullname=Maximo Quiroz Paniagua
usertype=teacher
userenabled=t
usermultilogin=t
userpassword=123

userci=0
username=freddydocente
userfullname=Freddy Yapura Aranibar
usertype=teacher
userenabled=t
usermultilogin=t
userpassword=123

userci=0
username=fideliadocente
userfullname=Fidelia Vela Benitez
usertype=teacher
userenabled=t
usermultilogin=t
userpassword=123

userci=0
username=fernandodocente
userfullname=Fernando Cocha Flores
usertype=teacher
userenabled=t
usermultilogin=t
userpassword=123

userci=0
username=juandocente
userfullname=Juan de Dios Caba Flores
usertype=teacher
userenabled=t
usermultilogin=t
userpassword=123

userci=0
username=lucindadocente
userfullname=Lucinda Chulve Flores
usertype=teacher
userenabled=t
usermultilogin=t
userpassword=123

userci=0
username=henrydocente
userfullname=Henry D. Juanes Loredo
usertype=teacher
userenabled=t
usermultilogin=t
userpassword=123

userci=0
username=freddyortegadocente
userfullname=Freddy Ortega Agudo
usertype=teacher
userenabled=t
usermultilogin=t
userpassword=123

userci=0
username=mariadocente
userfullname=Maria E. Lopez Solano
usertype=teacher
userenabled=t
usermultilogin=t
userpassword=123

userci=0
username=durbydocente
userfullname=Durby P. Sevilla Vega
usertype=teacher
userenabled=t
usermultilogin=t
userpassword=123

userci=0
username=jaimedocente
userfullname=Jaime Flores Azurduy
usertype=teacher
userenabled=t
usermultilogin=t
userpassword=123

userci=0
username=redzaidocente
userfullname=Redzai A. Gutierrez Jimenez
usertype=teacher
userenabled=t
usermultilogin=t
userpassword=123

userci=0
username=patriciadocente
userfullname=Patricia Flores Soliz
usertype=teacher
userenabled=t
usermultilogin=t
userpassword=123

userci=0
username=rolandodocente
userfullname=Rolando Gutierrez Davalos
usertype=teacher
userenabled=t
usermultilogin=t
userpassword=123

userci=0
username=fermindocente
userfullname=Fermin Negrete Alarcon
usertype=teacher
userenabled=t
usermultilogin=t
userpassword=123

userci=0
username=doradocente
userfullname=Dora Flores Morante
usertype=teacher
userenabled=t
usermultilogin=t
userpassword=123

userci=0
username=soniadocente
userfullname=Sonia Padilla
usertype=teacher
userenabled=t
usermultilogin=t
userpassword=123

userci=0
username=rubendocente
userfullname=Ruben Alain Cossio Vela
usertype=teacher
userenabled=t
usermultilogin=t
userpassword=123

userci=0
username=giovanna
userfullname=Giovanna Villarroel S.G
usertype=admission
userenabled=t
usermultilogin=t
userpassword=123
